Adding Docker and Jupyter to qsim (#223)
quantumlib/qsim: docs/tutorials/qsimcirq_gcp.md

> [GO TO THE PROJECT SELECTOR PAGE](https://console.cloud.google.com/projectselector2/home/dashboard)

2. Enable billing for your project.

> [ENABLE BILLING](https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/6293499#enable-billing)

When you finish this tutorial, you can avoid continued billing by deleting the resources you created. See [Cleaning up](#cleaning-up) for more detail.

## Creating a GCE VM 

Once you have a project enabled with a billing account, you will be able to create resources. The key resource required for this project is a Virtual Machine (VM) used to run the qsim quantum simulations. 

### Use the Cloud Console

Connect to the Cloud Console and make sure your current project is selected. Then click on "Create" for a new VM instance:

![alt_text](../images/image7.png )

### Build a Container Optimized VM

To create the VM use the steps in sequence below:

*   Change the name of the VM to be something meaningful like "qsim-1".
*   Choose a Region and Zone
    *   The values are not too important now, but for latency and availability [you may make different choice](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/regions-zones#available).

> *   Choose the machine family / series: N2

Reviewer: Family N2 wasn't an option for me. I saw E2 and N1 (chose N1 to continue to tutorial). n1-standard-16 completed the q32d14 circuit in ~160 seconds.

Author: Which zone are you in?

Reviewer: Test was in `us-west2-a`, which claims to have N2 machines available. Maybe I lack certain permissions?

Either way, given that performance on N1 was comparable, we could list that as a viable alternative.

Author: It's possible there was a stockout, but I think that usually gets flagged by rejecting your VM create request, not by hiding the machine type.  I think most of the machine types will work fine, if they have enough memory. But for performance C2 > N2 > N1, etc.  I'll add a note.

Reviewer: Comment from @jrossthomson:
> I didn't do anything other than create the VM. So I am wondering if
something else is going on. Is this a new VM created using the Container
Optimized VM?

Reviewer: Yes, it was a new VM in a fresh GCP project using the container-optimized OS image. I may have set the image **after** choosing the machine type, if that makes a difference.

After installing, initialize the Google Cloud environment.

```bash
gcloud init
```
Respond to the prompts with your project ID and the zone where you created your VM. When completed, view the glcoud configuration:

```bash
gcloud config list
```
Output should look something like: 

```less
region = us-east4
zone = us-east4-c
[core]
account = wellhello@gargle.com
disable_usage_reporting = False
project = quantum-22222
```

## Connect via port forward to your VM
You are now ready co connect to your VM via a port forward gcloud command. Detailed instructions can be found [here](https://research.google.com/colaboratory/local-runtimes.html), but the following instructions should be sufficient to succeed. Connect up with SSH with port 8888 forwarded to your local machine:

```bash
gcloud compute ssh [YOUR_INSTANCE_NAME] -- -L 8888:localhost:8888
```
You should now see the command line prompt from your VM:
```bash
wellhello@qsim-1 ~ $ 
```
### Run the Jupyter / qsim container on your VM 
At the command prompt you can now start a Docker container with all the required code to run simulations. Start the container:

```bash

> docker run -v `pwd`:/homedir -p 8888:8888 gcr.io/quantum-builds/github.com/quantumlib/jupyter_qsim:latest

Reviewer: `docker {...}` returns errors if you're not running as root. We should highlight this possibility and remind users to try `sudo docker {...}` if they have issues.

Author: That's unexpected. Is there an error you can share?

Reviewer: Usually something of this form:
```
ERROR: Got permission denied while trying to connect to the Docker daemon socket at \
unix:///var/run/docker.sock: Get http://%2Fvar%2Frun%2Fdocker.sock/v1.40/info: \
dial unix /var/run/docker.sock: connect: permission denied
```
As far as I know, this is [expected behavior](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/linux-postinstall/#:~:text=The%20Docker%20daemon%20always%20runs,members%20of%20the%20docker%20group.) for non-root users of Docker, but it wouldn't hurt to have a reminder since the error message is pretty opaque.

Author: When you run `id` do you find the `docker` group?
```
id
uid=20141(jrossthomson) gid=20142(jrossthomson) groups=20142(jrossthomson),4(adm),27(video),412(docker),20141(google-sudoers)
```

Reviewer: > When you run `id` do you find the `docker` group?

No. (I'm aware that there are ways to set up Docker that eliminate the need for `sudo`, but I haven't done this in my environment and I don't think we should assume that all users have, either.)

Reviewer 2: I don't think we want to cover too much docker install here. Probably fine to present the straight-forward usage and add a sentence/aside to look at [this page](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/linux-postinstall/) for instructions to run Docker as a non-root user.

     or http://127.0.0.1:8888/?token=aa16e1b6d3f51c58928037d34cc6854dac47347dd4c0eae5

```
Copy the last URL  in the output. Edit the URL to replace `127.0.0.1` with `localhost`. Save this URL for the next step. This URL points to your local runtime, running as a Docker container on your VM.

## Connect Colab to your local runtime

First, get a notebook up and running on Colab.

 <a target="_blank" href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/quantumlib/qsim/blob/master/docs/tutorials/qsimcirq.ipynb"><img src="https://www.tensorflow.org/images/colab_logo_32px.png" />Run a qsim notebook.</a>

    
  If you are connect to Colab with a notebook visible, you can click on `Connect` to get the UI:

<img src="../images/colab_local.png" width="400"/>

Select `Connect to local runtime`. You will see the UI:

<img src="../images/colab_settings.png" width="500"/>

This is where you past the edited URL from the previous section. Then click `Connect`

<img src="../images/colab_success.png" width="300"/>

You should now be able to run the cells in the notebook.

### Large circuit
A large circuit is provided with 32 qubits and a depth of 14 gate operations.  Run it here:

> <a target="_blank" href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/quantumlib/qsim/blob/master/docs/tutorials/qsimcirq.ipynb"><img src="https://www.tensorflow.org/images/colab_logo_32px.png" />Run q32d14.ipynb.</a>

Reviewer: This points to the qsimcirq tutorial notebook, not `q32d14.ipynb`. (It's OK if this link is broken until the PR is submitted - I was able to bring up the correct notebook by editing the URL to point to this branch)

Author: Fixed.

![alt_text](../images/image4.png )

## Run interactively

To run interactively within the container, you can open a second shell window to the VM as you did above, but without the port forwarding:

```bash
gcloud compute ssh [YOUR_VM_NAME]
```

Now, find the container ID with docker ps:

```
$ docker ps
```
You should see output something like:

```less
CONTAINER ID        IMAGE                                       COMMAND                  CREATED             STATUS              PORTS                    NAMES
8ab217d640a3        gcr.io/quantum-291919/jupyter_qsim:latest   "jupyter-notebook --…"   2 hours ago         Up 2 hours          0.0.0.0:8888->8888/tcp   dazzling_lovelace
```

The `CONTAINER_ID` is a UID something like "8ab217d640a3". Now you can connect to the container:
```console
    $ docker exec -it [CONTAINER_ID] /bin/bash

### Build the circuit

To import the libraries and build the circuit, copy and paste following into the VM window.

> ```python

Reviewer: Copy-pasting this as a block misbehaves due to unexpected indent. Same for other python blocks below.

Author: @lamberta 

Is there a better way to represent a code block that allows proper cut and paste?

Reviewer 2: Hello. Yes, take a look at this [docker.md](https://github.com/tensorflow/docs/blob/master/site/en/install/docker.md) doc (on [website](https://www.tensorflow.org/install/docker)).

Can use something like:

```
<pre class="devsite-terminal devsite-click-to-copy">
docker run [-it] [--rm] [-p <em>hostPort</em>:<em>containerPort</em>] tensorflow/tensorflow[:<em>tag</em>] [<em>command</em>]
</pre>
```

Reviewer: Is it possible to just remove the leading spaces in these lines, as with the "less" block below?

The easiest way to eliminate billing is to delete the project you created for the tutorial.

**Caution**: Deleting a project has the following effects:

*   **Everything in the project is deleted.** If you used an existing project for this tutorial, when you delete it, you also delete any other work you've done in the project.
*   **Custom project IDs are lost.** When you created this project, you might have created a custom project ID that you want to use in the future. To preserve the URLs that use the project ID, such as an **```appspot.com```** URL, delete selected resources inside the project instead of deleting the whole project.

If you plan to explore multiple tutorials and quickstarts, reusing projects can help you avoid exceeding project quota limits.

1. In the Cloud Console, [go to the **Manage Resources** page](https://console.cloud.google.com/iam-admin/projects)
2. In the project list, select the project that you want to delete and then click **Delete** 
<img src="../images/image3.png" width="18"/>

3. In the dialog, type the project ID and then click **Shut down** to delete the project.

----

## What's next

Additional tutorial examples are available here:

> *   [Cirq examples](https://cirq.readthedocs.io/en/stable/examples.html)

Reviewer: Link is broken - this might be the right URL: https://cirq.readthedocs.io/en/stable/docs/tutorials/examples.html

Reviewer 2: This will change. Can we remove any non-critical links to readthedocs?

[Colaboratory](https://colab.sandbox.google.com/notebooks/intro.ipynb) or "Colab" for short, allows you to write and execute Python in your browser, with

* Zero configuration required
* Free access to GPUs
* Easy sharing

We will focus on how to run simulations GCE VM your created above using Colab as the UI / frontend.

### Install Gcloud on your local machine
In order to connnect your VM to Colab, you need to forward the default Jupyter port (8888) to your localhost. Port forwarding to a GCP VM requires that you have th Google Cloud Platform SDK installed on your local computer. This will give you access to the `gcloud` command.

Intallation instructions a be found [here](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install).

After installing, initialize the Google Cloud environment.

```bash
gcloud init
```
Respond to the prompts with your project ID and the zone where you created your VM. When completed, view the glcoud configuration:

```bash
gcloud config list
```
Output should look something like: 

```less
region = us-east4
zone = us-east4-c
[core]
account = wellhello@gargle.com
disable_usage_reporting = False
project = quantum-22222
```

## Connect via port forward to your VM

> You are now ready co connect to your VM via a port forward gcloud command. Detailed instructions can be found [here](https://research.google.com/colaboratory/local-runtimes.html), but the following instructions should be sufficient to succeed. Connect up with SSH with port 8888 forwarded to your local machine:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You are now ready to connect to your VM through a port forward `gcloud` command. Detailed instructions can be found in the [Colab local runtumes guide](https://research.google.com/colaboratory/local-runtimes.html), but the following instructions are sufficient to succeed. Connect up with SSH with port 8888 forwarded to your local machine:
```

```python
    import cirq
    import qsimcirq

    # Pick a qubit.
    qubit = cirq.GridQubit(0, 0)

    # Create a circuit
    circuit = cirq.Circuit(
       cirq.X(qubit)**0.5,  # Square root of NOT.
    )
    print("Circuit:")
    print(circuit)
```

You should see the output as 

```less

(0, 0): ───X^0.5───

```

### Run the circuit

Now to see what the circuit does when under qsim. Again, copy the following into your VM window:

```python
    simulator = qsimcirq.QSimSimulator()
    result = simulator.simulate(circuit)
    print("Result:")
    print(result)
```

The output will be:

```less
    measurements: (no measurements)
    output vector: (0.5+0.5j)|0⟩ + (0.5-0.5j)|1⟩
```

You have successfully simulated a quantum circuit on Google Cloud Platform using a Singularity container.

### Running your own script

If you want to run a Python script, you can locate a file in the home directory on your VM, then run something like in the container shell

```bash
    $ python3 /homedir/myscript.py
```

### Exit the container

Exit the container by typing cntl-d twice. You will see the output like:

```less
    [root@79804d33f250 /]# exit
```

> -----

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Remove horizontal rule

### Delete the project

The easiest way to eliminate billing is to delete the project you created for the tutorial.

**Caution**: Deleting a project has the following effects:

*   **Everything in the project is deleted.** If you used an existing project for this tutorial, when you delete it, you also delete any other work you've done in the project.
*   **Custom project IDs are lost.** When you created this project, you might have created a custom project ID that you want to use in the future. To preserve the URLs that use the project ID, such as an **```appspot.com```** URL, delete selected resources inside the project instead of deleting the whole project.

If you plan to explore multiple tutorials and quickstarts, reusing projects can help you avoid exceeding project quota limits.

1. In the Cloud Console, [go to the **Manage Resources** page](https://console.cloud.google.com/iam-admin/projects)
2. In the project list, select the project that you want to delete and then click **Delete** 
<img src="../images/qsimcirq_gcp/image3.png" width="18"/>

3. In the dialog, type the project ID and then click **Shut down** to delete the project.

> ----

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

remove horizontal rule

> # Quantum simulation on GCP with _Cirq_ and _qsim_

Reviewer 2: Avoid styles in titles since it doesn't look good on devsite. Please accept

> 
> 
> 
> This tutorial will demonstrate how to run [Cirq](https://cirq.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html) on Google Cloud Platform. This tutorial will walk through how to install Cirq within a Docker container on a GCE Virtual Machine and view results. You will run simulation both in a Jupyter environment and interactively within the container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This tutorial demonstrates how to run Cirq on the Google Cloud Platform. It shows how to install Cirq within a Docker container on a GCE Virtual Machine and view results. You will run the simulation in a Jupyter environment and interactively within the container.
```

> Explaining the concepts of quantum computing is beyond the scope of this tutorial, but many excellent references and texts exist. This website describes [Cirq](https://Cirq.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html) in detail. Additionally,  the textbook “Quantum Computation and Quantum Information” by Nielsen and Chuang is an excellent reference.
> 
> ------
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Explaining the concepts of quantum computing is beyond the scope of this tutorial, but many excellent references and texts exist. This website describes [Cirq](https://Cirq.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html) in detail. Additionally, the textbook *Quantum Computation and Quantum Information* by Nielsen and Chuang is an excellent reference.
```

## Objectives

*   Create a Container Optimized VM
*   Run Docker container with Jupyter and qsim installed
*   Run a demo circuit

> 
> ----
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Costs

> This tutorial uses billable components of Google Cloud Platform, including:
> 
> 
> 
> *   Compute Engine
> 
> Use the [Pricing Calculator](https://cloud.google.com/products/calculator) to generate a cost estimate based on your projected usage.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This tutorial uses billable components of Google Cloud Platform, including the *Compute Engine*. Use the [Pricing Calculator](https://cloud.google.com/products/calculator) to generate a cost estimate based on your projected usage.
```

## Before you begin

These are the steps to follow to get started with this tutorial:

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

*   Creating a Cloud Platform project
*   Enabling billing for the project
*   Enable Google Compute Engine API

For this reference guide, you need a Google Cloud [project](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/cloud-platform-resource-hierarchy#projects). You can create a new one, or select a project you already created:

> 
> 
> 1. Select or create a Google Cloud project.
> 
> > [GO TO THE PROJECT SELECTOR PAGE](https://console.cloud.google.com/projectselector2/home/dashboard)
> 
> 
> 
> 2. Enable billing for your project.
> 
> > [ENABLE BILLING](https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/6293499#enable-billing)
> 
> When you finish this tutorial, you can avoid continued billing by deleting the resources you created. See [Cleaning up](#cleaning-up) for more detail.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Select or create a Google Cloud project.
    - [GO TO THE PROJECT SELECTOR PAGE](https://console.cloud.google.com/projectselector2/home/dashboard)
2. Enable billing for your project.
    - [ENABLE BILLING](https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/6293499#enable-billing)

When you finish this tutorial, you can avoid continued billing by deleting the resources you created. See [Cleaning up](#cleaning-up) for more detail.
```

## Creating a GCE VM 

Once you have a project enabled with a billing account, you will be able to create resources. The key resource required for this project is a Virtual Machine (VM) used to run the qsim quantum simulations. 

> 
> ### Use the Cloud Console
> 
> Connect to the Cloud Console and make sure your current project is selected. Then click on "Create" for a new VM instance:
> 
> 
> 
> ![alt_text](../images/image7.png )
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Use the Cloud Console

Connect to the Cloud Console and make sure your current project is selected. Then click on "Create" for a new VM instance:

![alt_text](../images/image7.png )
```

### Build a Container Optimized VM

To create the VM use the steps in sequence below:

> 
> 
> *   Change the name of the VM to be something meaningful like "qsim-1".
> *   Choose a Region and Zone
>     *   The values are not too important now, but for latency and availability [you may make different choice](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/regions-zones#available).
> *   Choose the machine family / series: N2
>     *   Quantum simulation can require a high level of resources, so we are selecting powerful processors, but [many choices are available.](https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/compute/choose-the-right-google-compute-engine-machine-type-for-you)
> 
> 
> 
> ![alt_text](../images/image13.png )
> 
> 
> 
> 
> *   Choose the [Machine Type](https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/compute/choose-the-right-google-compute-engine-machine-type-for-you): n2-standard-16
>     *   16 CPUs
>     *   64GB memory
> *   Choose the Boot Disk image:[ Container-Optimized OS](https://cloud.google.com/container-optimized-os/docs/concepts/features-and-benefits)
>     *   Leave the remaining as defaults.
> 
> 
> 
> 
> ![alt_text](../images/image10.png )
> 
> 
> 
> 
> Finally, enable HTTP access
> *   Click "Create"
> 
> 
> ![alt_text](../images/image8.png )

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

*   Change the name of the VM to be something meaningful like "qsim-1".
*   Choose a Region and Zone
    *   The values are not too important now, but for latency and availability [you may make different choice](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/regions-zones#available).
*   Choose the machine family / series: N2
    *   Quantum simulation can require a high level of resources, so we are selecting powerful processors, but [many choices are available.](https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/compute/choose-the-right-google-compute-engine-machine-type-for-you)

![alt_text](../images/image13.png )

*   Choose the [Machine Type](https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/compute/choose-the-right-google-compute-engine-machine-type-for-you): n2-standard-16
    *   16 CPUs
    *   64GB memory
*   Choose the Boot Disk image:[ Container-Optimized OS](https://cloud.google.com/container-optimized-os/docs/concepts/features-and-benefits)
    *   Leave the remaining as defaults.

![alt_text](../images/image10.png )

Finally, enable HTTP access
*   Click "Create"

![alt_text](../images/image8.png )
```

## Running the qsim docker container

There are two ways to run qsim from this container: from a Jupyter Notebook and interactively from a shell. In both cases, you need to connect to the VM you created above.

### Open a SSH window to your VM

Once VM is created you can connect via [SSH](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/ssh-in-browser) to your newly created simulation VM. The easiest is to click the SSH button in the console from the **Compute Engine** -> **VM Instances** page:

> 
> 
> ![alt_text](../images/image5.png )
> 
> 
> You will have a popup window connecting you to the simulation VM. You should have a command prompt:
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> ![alt_text](../images/image6.png )
> 
> 
> Start the container:
> 
> 
> ```console
>     $ docker run -v `pwd`:/homedir -p 8888:8888 gcr.io/quantum-builds/github.com/quantumlib/jupyter_qsim:latest
> ```
> 
> 
> The output will be something like:
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![alt_text](../images/image5.png )

You will have a popup window connecting you to the simulation VM. You should have a command prompt:

![alt_text](../images/image6.png )

Start the container:

```console
    $ docker run -v `pwd`:/homedir -p 8888:8888 gcr.io/quantum-builds/github.com/quantumlib/jupyter_qsim:latest
```

The output will be something like:
```

```console
 Unable to find image 'gcr.io/quantum-291919/jupyter_qsim:latest' locally
 latest: Pulling from quantum-291919/jupyter_qsim
 3c72a8ed6814: Pull complete 
 2bd71a698eae: Pull complete 
 Digest: sha256:d0d0040c6ef9925719459e736631c9fec957b94d377009c591d6285143ebb626
 ...    
     To access the notebook, open this file in a browser:
         file:///root/.local/share/jupyter/runtime/nbserver-1-open.html
     Or copy and paste one of these URLs:
         http://79804d33f250:8888/?token=d7a53e728e3dff08c6ed12a15810471486b4c15828a3d70a
      or http://127.0.0.1:8888/?token=d7a53e728e3dff08c6ed12a15810471486b4c15828a3d70a
```

> 
> Copy the last URL (it starts with `127.0.0.1`). Replace `127.0.0.1` with the IP address of the VM 
> 
> 
> [created above](#build-a-container-optimized-vm): 
> 
> 
> ```console
>  http://[EXTERNAL_IP_ADDRESS]:8888/?token=7191178ae9aa4ebe1698b07bb67dea1d289cfd0e0b960373
> ```
> 
> 
> Paste that in your browser. You should now see the Jupyter UI:
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> ![alt_text](../images/image2.png )
> 
> 
> Navigate to  qsim > docs > tutorials. You will see:
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> ![alt_text](../images/image12.png )
> 
> 
> Click on qsimcirq.ipynb. This will load the notebook.
> 
> You can skip the setup and go straight to the cell labeled "Full state-vector simulation":
> 
> 
> 
> ![alt_text](../images/image1.png )

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Copy the last URL (it starts with `127.0.0.1`). Replace `127.0.0.1` with the IP address of the VM 

[created above](#build-a-container-optimized-vm): 

```console
 http://[EXTERNAL_IP_ADDRESS]:8888/?token=7191178ae9aa4ebe1698b07bb67dea1d289cfd0e0b960373
```

Paste that in your browser. You should now see the Jupyter UI:

![alt_text](../images/image2.png )

Navigate to  qsim > docs > tutorials. You will see:

![alt_text](../images/image12.png )

Click on qsimcirq.ipynb. This will load the notebook.

You can skip the setup and go straight to the cell labeled "Full state-vector simulation":

![alt_text](../images/image1.png )
```

If you choose to modify the notebook, you can save it on the *qsim-1* VM from *File* -> *Save As*, and saving to `/homedir/mynotebook.ipynb`.  This will save in your home directory on your VM, if your directory is open to write.

> 
> 
> 
> 
> ![alt_text](../images/image4.png )
> 
> 
> 
> ## Run interactively
> 
> To run interactively within the container, you can open a second shell window to the VM as you did [above](#open-a-ssh-window-to-your-vm).
> 
> Now, find the container ID with docker ps:
> 
> 
> ```
> $ docker ps
> ```
> 
> 
> 
> ![alt_text](../images/image11.png )
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![alt_text](../images/image4.png )

## Run interactively

To run interactively within the container, you can open a second shell window to the VM as you did [above](#open-a-ssh-window-to-your-vm).

Now, find the container ID with docker ps:

```
$ docker ps
```

![alt_text](../images/image11.png )
```

Author: I think we are good here.

@lamberta

The `CONTAINER_ID` is a UID something like "79804d33f250". Now you can connect to the container:

> 
> ```console
>     $ docker exec -it [CONTAINER_ID] /bin/bash
> ```
> 
> 
> This shell is running inside the container, with Python3, Cirq and qsim installed. Start python3:
> 
> 
> ```console
> 	$ python3
> ```
> 
> 
> You will see the output:
> 
> 
> ```python
>     Python 3.6.8 (default, Apr 16 2020, 01:36:27) 
>     [GCC 8.3.1 20191121 (Red Hat 8.3.1-5)] on linux
>     Type "help", "copyright", "credits" or "license" for more information.
>     >>>
> ```
> 
> 
> You are now ready for an interactive session running qsim.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```console
    $ docker exec -it [CONTAINER_ID] /bin/bash
```

This shell is running inside the container, with Python3, Cirq and qsim installed. Start python3:

```console
	$ python3
```

You will see the output:

```python
    Python 3.6.8 (default, Apr 16 2020, 01:36:27) 
    [GCC 8.3.1 20191121 (Red Hat 8.3.1-5)] on linux
    Type "help", "copyright", "credits" or "license" for more information.
    >>>
```

You are now ready for an interactive session running qsim.
```
